docs/index.rst, before:

========================
Technical Documentation
========================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

   introduction
   prerequisites
   installation
   architecture
   api

Introduction
============

Welcome to the technical documentation of the **oc_lettings_app** Django application. 
This documentation covers all the steps required to understand, install, and run the application locally.

Project Context
===============

The **oc_lettings_app** application was developed as part of the **Site Web 2.0** project. The goal of this project is to provide a modern, scalable, and secure solution.

**Main Objectives:**
- Provide users with a smooth web interface.
- Offer user management, statistics, and reporting functionalities.
- Ensure compatibility with production and testing environments.

**Technologies Used:**
- **Framework**: Django 4.x
- **Language**: Python 3.12
- **Database**: SQLite3
- **Others**: Docker, Flake8, Pytest

Project Online
===============

You can access the project online at the following URL: https://ocpyp13.onrender.com/ .

| (may take few minutes to load, as server workers might be sleeping)

Configuration
=============

To configure the application, create a **.env** file using the provided **.envTemplate** file,
and set your own values for the environment variables.
Default values are already set in **settings.py** file to run the app locally.


Prerequisites, Installation and Usage
==============================

Before installing the application, ensure you have the following prerequisites:

**System Requirements**
- Python 3.12 or higher
- SQLite3 (comes pre-installed with Python)
- Docker (https://www.docker.com/)

**Installation Instructions**
1. **Clone the repository**:

| git clone https://github.com/Arnaud-Goguelin/OCPyP13.git

2. **Create a virtual environment**:

| # On Windows: 
| python -m venv venv
| env\Scripts\activate

| # On macOS/Linux:
| python3 -m venv venv
| source venv/bin/activate

3. **Install dependencies**:

| pip install -r requirements.txt

4. **Apply database migrations**:

| python manage.py migrate

5. **Run the development server**:

| python manage.py runserver

6. **Access the app**:
Open a browser and go to: **http://127.0.0.1:8000/**

Technical Architecture
======================

**Main components of the application:**
- **Django**: Handles HTTP requests, business logic, and templates.
- **SQLite3**: Relational database used to store data locally.
- **Docker**: Used for containerizing the services (db, and server) and set up the development or the production environment.


API (Endpoints details)
============================

**List of available endpoints:**

+------------+-------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| **Method** | **URL**                             | **Description**                       |
+------------+-------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| **GET**    | /                                   | display landing page: index.html      |
+------------+-------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| **GET**    | /profiles/                          | display profiles page                 |
+------------+-------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| **GET**    | /profiles/{str:username}/           | display selected user                 |
+------------+-------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| **GET**    | /lettings/                          | display lettings page                 |
+------------+-------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| **GET**    | /lettings/{int:letting_id}/         | display selected letting              |
+------------+-------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| **GET**    | /asentry-debug/                     | to test Sentry                        |
+------------+-------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+

Commit message:

docs: update project goals and objectives in index.rst

docs/index.rst, after:

========================
Technical Documentation
========================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

   introduction
   prerequisites
   installation
   architecture
   api

Introduction
============

Welcome to the technical documentation of the **oc_lettings_app** Django application. 
This documentation covers all the steps required to understand, install, and run the application locally.

Project Context
===============

The **oc_lettings_app** goal is to provide a modern, scalable, and maintenable solution.

**Main Objectives:**
- Provide users with a smooth web interface.
- Ensure compatibility with production and testing environments.
- Implements a CI/CD pipeline to automate the deployment process.
- Ensure a modular and scalable architecture.

**Technologies Used:**
- **Framework**: Django 4.x
- **Language**: Python 3.12
- **Database**: SQLite3
- **Others**: Docker, Flake8, Pytest

Project Online
===============

You can access the project online at the following URL: https://ocpyp13.onrender.com/ .

| (may take few minutes to load, as server workers might be sleeping)

Configuration
=============

To configure the application, create a **.env** file using the provided **.envTemplate** file,
and set your own values for the environment variables.
Default values are already set in **settings.py** file to run the app locally.


Prerequisites, Installation and Usage
==============================

Before installing the application, ensure you have the following prerequisites:

**System Requirements**
- Python 3.12 or higher
- SQLite3 (comes pre-installed with Python)
- Docker (https://www.docker.com/)

**Installation Instructions**
1. **Clone the repository**:

| git clone https://github.com/Arnaud-Goguelin/OCPyP13.git

2. **Create a virtual environment**:

| # On Windows: 
| python -m venv venv
| env\Scripts\activate

| # On macOS/Linux:
| python3 -m venv venv
| source venv/bin/activate

3. **Install dependencies**:

| pip install -r requirements.txt

4. **Apply database migrations**:

| python manage.py migrate

5. **Run the development server**:

| python manage.py runserver

6. **Access the app**:
Open a browser and go to: **http://127.0.0.1:8000/**

Technical Architecture
======================

**Main components of the application:**
- **Django**: Handles HTTP requests, business logic, and templates.
- **SQLite3**: Relational database used to store data locally.
- **Docker**: Used for containerizing the services (db, and server) and set up the development or the production environment.


API (Endpoints details)
============================

**List of available endpoints:**

+------------+-------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| **Method** | **URL**                             | **Description**                       |
+------------+-------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| **GET**    | /                                   | display landing page: index.html      |
+------------+-------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| **GET**    | /profiles/                          | display profiles page                 |
+------------+-------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| **GET**    | /profiles/{str:username}/           | display selected user                 |
+------------+-------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| **GET**    | /lettings/                          | display lettings page                 |
+------------+-------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| **GET**    | /lettings/{int:letting_id}/         | display selected letting              |
+------------+-------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| **GET**    | /asentry-debug/                     | to test Sentry                        |
+------------+-------------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
